README.md, before:

# machine_learning_notes
Collection of notes taken by me after reading various AI/ML/DL documents/books.


## Available documents:

### Technical strategy for AI engineers
- Link: https://github.com/alzaia/machine_learning_notes/blob/master/Technical_Strategy_for_AI_Engineers_Notes.pdf
- Based on https://www.mlyearning.org/

### How to determine the number of trainable parameters in a CNN
- Link: https://github.com/alzaia/machine_learning_notes/blob/master/CNN_trainable_params.pdf

### Deep learning tips and tricks notes
- Link: https://github.com/alzaia/machine_learning_notes/blob/master/Deep_learning_with_Python_tips.pdf
- Mostly based on https://www.manning.com/books/deep-learning-with-python

### Notes based on the Coursera course 'Improving Deep Neural Networks: Hyperparameter tuning, Regularization and Optimization'
- Link: https://github.com/alzaia/machine_learning_notes/blob/master/DL_coursera_specialization.pdf
- Based on https://www.coursera.org/learn/deep-neural-network

### 25 Deep learning and machine learning questions & answers
- Link: https://github.com/alzaia/machine_learning_notes/blob/master/ML_DL_questions_answers_AZ.pdf

### AI for medicine notes (based on the 'AI for Medicine' Coursera specialization)
https://github.com/alzaia/machine_learning_notes/blob/master/AI_for_Medicine_CheatSheet_AZ.pdf


Please feel free to contact me if you spot any errors in the listed documents.

Commit message:

added links to ML Stanford notes

README.md, after:

# machine_learning_notes
Collection of notes taken by me after reading various AI/ML/DL documents/books.


## Available documents:

### Technical strategy for AI engineers
- Link: https://github.com/alzaia/machine_learning_notes/blob/master/Technical_Strategy_for_AI_Engineers_Notes.pdf
- Based on https://www.mlyearning.org/

### How to determine the number of trainable parameters in a CNN
- Link: https://github.com/alzaia/machine_learning_notes/blob/master/CNN_trainable_params.pdf

### Deep learning tips and tricks notes
- Link: https://github.com/alzaia/machine_learning_notes/blob/master/Deep_learning_with_Python_tips.pdf
- Mostly based on https://www.manning.com/books/deep-learning-with-python

### Notes based on the Coursera course 'Improving Deep Neural Networks: Hyperparameter tuning, Regularization and Optimization'
- Link: https://github.com/alzaia/machine_learning_notes/blob/master/DL_coursera_specialization.pdf
- Based on https://www.coursera.org/learn/deep-neural-network

### 25 Deep learning and machine learning questions & answers
- Link: https://github.com/alzaia/machine_learning_notes/blob/master/ML_DL_questions_answers_AZ.pdf

### AI for medicine notes (based on the 'AI for Medicine' Coursera specialization)
https://github.com/alzaia/machine_learning_notes/blob/master/AI_for_Medicine_CheatSheet_AZ.pdf

### ML notes from the Stanford Coursera course (Andrew Ng)
- Weeks 1-4: https://github.com/alzaia/machine_learning_notes/blob/master/ML_Stanford_weeks_1-4.pdf
- Weeks 5-6: https://github.com/alzaia/machine_learning_notes/blob/master/ML_Stanford_weeks_5-6.pdf
- Weeks 7-10: https://github.com/alzaia/machine_learning_notes/blob/master/ML_Stanford_weeks_7-10.pdf


Please feel free to contact me if you spot any errors in the listed documents.
